What a cool and outstanding feature in AZURE networking.
We can keep our resources in hub and spoke model, exactly what you are imagining in your head.
In enterprise architecture, it is on the basis of Multiple subscriptions where 1 become hub and others become spoke.
The main idea behind hub is to hold the shared and crucial infa within it. Like firewall/Expressgateway/DC
while this is not feasible for me in my lab, i went by 1 subscription and multiple resource groups within it.
keeping 1 RD as Hub and all others as Spoke.
keep in mind as always do not try to keep VNETS from same address space, otherwise Azure will not let you peer them
Reason is simple what if in future you create a subnet from those VNETS which are overlapping, how will azure decide destination.
So, keep completely different VNETS for all RG like (10.1.0.0/16,10.2.0.0/16,10.3.0.0/16,10.4.0.0/16) Keeping your vnets like this gives 
enough room for scaling by configuring multiple subnets within 1 VNET.
LEARNING 1 - 
What exactly defines HUB & SPOKE - 
when our spokes can communicate with hub on required ports or services but not directly between spokes.
To enable talk between HUB & SPOKE - we just need to enable peering.
We must not enable peering between spokes as that will defy our purpose of segmentation.
Also, the sole purpose of keeping hub in picture was to ensure that all traffic goes via HUB only.

LEARNING 2 - 

To enable talk beween spokes via hub, we need to do these 3 steps RELIGIOUSLY:
1- enable packet(IP forwarding) on NIC of HUB VM
      By default, an Azure NIC is only allowed to send or receive traffic where the Source or Destination IP matches the specific IP address assigned to that NIC in the Azure Portal.
      Normal VM: If VM-A (10.0.0.5) sends a packet, Azure checks the packet. If the source says 10.0.0.5, it lets it pass.
      Hub VM (Routing): When your Spoke VM sends a packet through the Hub, the packet still has the Spoke's IP address (e.g., 10.1.0.4) as the source.
      The Block: When that packet hits the Hub VM's NIC to be forwarded, Azure's "Physical" network sees a packet with a source of 10.1.0.4 coming from a NIC that is supposed to be 10.0.0.4. Azure assumes this is "IP Spoofing" (someone pretending to be someone else) and drops the packet instantly
2 - enable packet forwarding on OS level
    Linux - sysctl net.ipv4.ip_forward to 1
    windows - # Set the registry key to enable IP Routing (0 = disabled, 1 = enabled)
      Set-ItemProperty -Path "HKLM:\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\Tcpip\Parameters" -Name "IPEnableRouter" -Value 1

3 - Create as many route table as you have spokes because we need to attach them to spokes.
    Need to give destination subnet like Spoke B and Next HOP as HUB VM IP & attach it to spoke A's subnet.
   Create another route table destination as Spoke A and next Hop as HUB VM IP and attach it to spoke B's subnet.
Now whenever Vm from spoke A tries to reach vm in spoke B, it will look into route table attached to it and looks for next hop
goes to HUB VM and then looks into destination vm in subnet Spoke B which is allowed in route and thus will reach there.

Our HUB VM will act as NVA here , a basic one.
